# OutputParameterExport

The raster, vector or text file export parameter.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**format** | **str** | The format of the output file in case of raster, strds, vector layer or text file export. Raster layer export supports only GTiff and COG format, STRDS layer export supports only GTiff format and all other formats are vector layer export formats. If the *PostgeSQL* format was chosen, a postgis database string *dbstring* must be provided  so that the GRASS GIS module *v.out.ogr knows to which PostgreSQL database it should be connect. The name of the output layer can be specified as *output_layer* for PostgreSQL database exports. Some GRASS GIS modules allow the export of text files. These files can be exported and provided as downloadable link as well. | 
**type** | **str** | The type of the output. In case of the *file* option only text files are supported for export. In addition the *$file::unique_id* option must be used in the value parameter to export a file that was generated by a GRASS GIS module. Exported text and vector files will always be compressed with zip. | 
**dbstring** | **str** | The database string to be used to connect to a PostgreSQL database for vector export. | [optional] 
**output_layer** | **str** | Name for output PostgreSQL layer. If not specified, GRASS GIS vector map layer name is used. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from actinia_openapi_python_client.models.output_parameter_export import OutputParameterExport

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of OutputParameterExport from a JSON string
output_parameter_export_instance = OutputParameterExport.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print OutputParameterExport.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
output_parameter_export_dict = output_parameter_export_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of OutputParameterExport from a dict
output_parameter_export_form_dict = output_parameter_export.from_dict(output_parameter_export_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


